README.md, before:

# Gh landing

A simple landing page for all your github project.

# Features

- [x] Responsive
- [x] Easy to use
- [x] Easy to customize
- [x] Easy to deploy

# TODO

- [ ] add icons
- [ ] add profile stats

# How to deploy

1.  [Fork this repo](https://github.com/aumirza/gh-landing/fork)

    ![ ](https://imgur.com/e3ZfsMO.png)

2.  Now go to actions tab and click on, I understand workflows, go ahead and enable them.

    ![enter image description here](https://i.imgur.com/HXT8Ftx.png)

3.  Now select Build and Deploy workflow.

    ![enter image description here](https://i.imgur.com/cxp9SOe.png)

4.  Now click on Run workflow.

    ![enter image description here](https://i.imgur.com/vpmLmY6.png)

5.  Now select main branch and click on Run workflow.

         ![enter image description here](https://i.imgur.com/loIaVWn.png)

    ![enter image description here](https://i.imgur.com/rVYPkHb.png)

6.  After build is finished, go to settings tab, then select pages and gh-pages branch and click on save.

    ![enter image description here](https://i.imgur.com/zQ8Kb0P.png)

Commit message:

feat: rename project to DevGallery and update metadata for improved branding and description

README.md, after:

# DevGallery

A gallery for developers by developers.

DevGallery is your digital gallery for showcasing and discovering GitHub repositories. With an interactive card layout, you can explore the source code and live versions of projects effortlessly, all in one place.

# Features

- [x] Responsive
- [x] Easy to use
- [x] Easy to customize
- [x] Easy to deploy

# TODO

- [x] add icons
- [x] add profile stats

# How to deploy

1.  [Fork this repo](https://github.com/aumirza/gh-landing/fork)

    ![ ](https://imgur.com/e3ZfsMO.png)

2.  Now go to actions tab and click on, I understand workflows, go ahead and enable them.

    ![enter image description here](https://i.imgur.com/HXT8Ftx.png)

3.  Now select Build and Deploy workflow.

    ![enter image description here](https://i.imgur.com/cxp9SOe.png)

4.  Now click on Run workflow.

    ![enter image description here](https://i.imgur.com/vpmLmY6.png)

5.  Now select main branch and click on Run workflow.

         ![enter image description here](https://i.imgur.com/loIaVWn.png)

    ![enter image description here](https://i.imgur.com/rVYPkHb.png)

6.  After build is finished, go to settings tab, then select pages and gh-pages branch and click on save.

    ![enter image description here](https://i.imgur.com/zQ8Kb0P.png)
